* “Most men make the error of thinking that one day it will be done. They think, “If I can work enough, then one day I could rest.” Or, “One day my woman will understand something and then she will stop complaining.” Or, “I’m only doing this now so that one day I can do what I really want with my life.” The masculine error is to think that eventually things will be different in some fundamental way. They won’t. It never ends. As long as life continues, the creative challenge is to tussle, play, and make love with the present moment while giving your unique gift.”
* Stop wanting your woman to change. Assume she will always be how she is. Either accept it and appreciate it or move on.
* In order to have true passion you need someone to be the ravisher and the other to be the ravishee.
* Sexual attraction requires polarity. The masculine and the feminine. Do not become feminine as a man and do not force your woman into a masculine role.
* You can’t escape the tussle with the feminine. Learn to find humor in and appreciate the emotional drama that the feminine enjoys. This is part of the feminine. It is not bad.
* “If necessary, a man should live with a hurting heart rather than a closed one. He should learn to stay in the wound of pain and act with spontaneous skill and love even from that place.”
* You must choose your purpose over any woman in your life. A woman wants to be second in your life, not first. A woman will not be attracted to a man who she can distract from his purpose.
* Your fear is your edge. You must constantly live right at your edge or slightly beyond it to grow.
* “About once a week, you should sit down with your closest men friends and discuss what you are doing in your life and what you are afraid of doing. The conversation should be short and simple. You should state where you are at. Then, your friends should give you a behavioral experiment, something you can do that will reveal something to you, or grant more freedom in your life.”
* “Choose men friends who themselves are living at their edge, facing their fears and living just beyond them. Men of this kind can love you without protecting you from the necessary confrontation with reality that your life involves.”
* “The masculine grows by challenge, but the feminine grows by praise.”
* As a man you must lead the relationship. You must make decisions. Do not ask “where do you want to eat”, take charge and lead.
* You must live your own personal truth and stick to your values. Do not change your mind or make decisions because your woman pressures you to or you know it would please her. Take what she says into consideration and make the decision you think best and stick with it. Never change your mind just to please a woman.
* Especially in the bedroom it is important to take the lead and “take” her. Women want to be owned and taken by a man in the bedroom. They want to feel your dominance and power.
* Live as if your father were dead. You guys have heard me say this a lot. “A man must love his father and yet be free of his father’s expectations and criticisms in order to be a free man.”
* LISTEN UP: “If a man wants a woman that doesn’t want him, he cannot win. His neediness will undermine any possible relationship, and his woman will never be able to trust him. A man must determine whether a woman really wants him but is playing hard to get, or whether she really doesn’t want him. If she doesn’t want him, he should immediately cease pursuing her and deal with his pain by himself.” THIS MEANS YOU!
* “She wants you to be capable of killing. Today we have a large population of wimpy men and polite woman. But beneath the veneer of most woman is a wrathful goddess who will chop the head off a new age man.”